Update README.md with correct stable version (#6942)
microsoft/autogen: README.md

pip install -U "autogen-agentchat" "autogen-ext[openai]"
```

> The current stable version is v0.7.2. If you are upgrading from AutoGen v0.2, please refer to the [Migration Guide](https://microsoft.github.io/autogen/stable/user-guide/agentchat-user-guide/migration-guide.html) for detailed instructions on how to update your code and configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current stable version can be found in the [releases](https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/releases). If you are upgrading from AutoGen v0.2, please refer to the [Migration Guide](https://microsoft.github.io/autogen/stable/user-guide/agentchat-user-guide/migration-guide.html) for detailed instructions on how to update your code and configurations.
```
